c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\ChatroomServer.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\ChatroomServer.pdb
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\obj\Debug\ChatroomServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\obj\Debug\ChatroomServer.dll
c:\Users\daniel.byrne.salecycle\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chatroom\ChatroomServer\obj\Debug\ChatroomServer.pdb
